# Autonomous-Intelligent-Vehicles
The revolution of autonomous vehicles has been evidently rising and is definitely the surge for the future generations to come. In this project, I have worked in the field of automated vehicle systems with a special focus on the three major components of autonomous driving vehicles – lane detection, surrounding object detection, and traffic signal detection. The project will revolve around proposing deep neural network-based models and algorithms which work on real time integrated video feeds to complement the self-driving vehicle in terms of tracking and detecting the nearby vehicles and objects along with the detection of traffic lights/symbols to aid the smooth and guided maneuvering of the vehicle in an accurate and precise way. As per the basic foundational research, the initial simulation can be done on a simulator called CARLA. This simulator is an open-sourced simulation tool for autonomous driving research which also provide digital and virtual assets with a versatile, dynamic, and sensor specific platform. One of the main reasons for choosing this domain is the massive opportunities for research so as to optimize the results for precise and accurate detections and predictions. Moreover, automation and smart vehicles is definitely the road to the future which majorly aims to achieve ease and efficiency in driving and prevent human made errors and accidents while on the roads.  Most of the research works currently existing in this field focus only on one of the aspects of autonomous vehicles. In order to bridge this gap, I’d like to stream and structure my capstone project to give a holistic and wholesome proposal with regards to automated assistance in vehicles. 
